# data.csv

> Note: `data.csv` file should not be edited by hand. It is generated automatically by
the workshop coordinator when all the information is available. 

The file `data.csv` in this directory contains the workshop information:

- venue: brief name of the institution that hosts the workshop without address
(e.g., "Netherlands eScience Center")

- address: full street address of workshop (e.g., "Science Park 402 (Matrix
  III), 1098 XH Amsterdam"). For an online workshop, instead of the address, the
  value of this field can be the videoconferencing URL, or 'online'.

- country: country for the institution that hosts the workshop (e.g.,
  Netherlands)

- latitude: decimal latitude of workshop venue, use https://www.latlong.net/
  (e.g., 52.35695685)

- longitude: decimal longitude of the workshop venue, use
  https://www.latlong.net (e.g., 4.95433748205789)

- humandate: human-readable dates for the workshop (e.g., "December 24 - 26,
  2021, CET")

- humantime: human-readable times for the workshop (e.g., "7:00 - 9:00")

- startdate: machine-readable start date for the workshop (e.g.,
  "2021-12-24T00:00:00Z")

- enddate: machine-readable end date for the workshop (e.g.,
  "2021-12-26T00:00:00Z")

- instructor: comma-separated list of instructors' names as strings (e.g.,
  "Johan Hidding, Lieke de Boer, Mateusz Kuzak")

- helper: comma-separated list of helpers' names (e.g., ,"Pushpanjali Pawar,
  Thijs van Lankveld")

- carpentry: "ds" for eScience Center Digital Skills, "swc" for Software
  Carpentry, "dc" for Data Carpentry, and "lc" for Library Carpentry.

- curriculum: lesson name (e.g. "ds-parallel")

- title: the title of the workshop (e.g. "Christmas special test workshop")

- slug: the name of workshop repository (e.g. "2021-12-24-dc-socsci-R-nlesc")

- flavor: the programming language used in the workshop (e.g. "R")

### Where to get data.csv

This file can be generated by: FIXME

<!-- TODO add instructions on how to generate the file -->

> If you are a member of Digital Skills organization, the file `data.csv` is
filled with the lesson information and can be found in the SharePoint folder belonging to the respective workshop Channel in the Instructors Team.

## eventbrite.json

This file contains `eventbrite` code i.e. alphanumeric key for Eventbrite registration.

> Note: `eventbrite.json` file should be edited by hand. Write the code
> including double quotes e.g., "1234567890AB".
